Iran and the United States still can't
agree on terms to actually end the
conflict between them once and for all
because many of the things they're
demanding are completely irreconcilable.
Iran is still demanding to have zero
limits placed on its right to nuclear
enrichment, a guarantee of future
non-aggression from the US, the
withdrawal of all American combat forces
from the Persian Gulf region,
reparations paid to Iran for war
damages, the lifting of all primary and
secondary sanctions, and the termination
of all UN Security Council resolutions
against Iran as well. All of these are
strong, heavy demands, and an American
acceptance of any one of them would look
like a major defeat in the war, let
alone an acceptance of all of them. So
far, Iran and America both remain
confident that they can outlast the
other to get everything they want out of
this war. But one demand of Iran is
going to be far more consequential for
the future trajectory of the world order
than any other. And that's Iran's demand
to continue controlling the straight of
Hormuz with what's effectively a toll
[music] booth after the war is
eventually over. Because if Iran manages
to get its way with this, it's no
exaggeration at all to say that it'll be
the beginning of the end of the Pax
Americana and the [music] entire world
order that we've all known since the end
of World War II and the beginning of a
new age in world order altogether.
Before this current war started, this
whole idea was completely inconceivable.
For all of modern history, the straight
of Hormos has been understood to be an
international waterway. The whole width
of the street at its narrowest point
contains the overlapping territorial
seas of both Iran and Oman with no high
[music] seas corridor between them that
connects the Persian Gulf in the west to
the Arabian Sea and the global ocean in
the east. Under the terms of the
landmark international treaty that
regulates global maritime law, the UN
Convention on the Law of the Sea, which
entered into force in 1994 and has been
ranified by more than 170 nations
worldwide, though notably not by either
Iran nor the United States. Tolls and
other financial barriers are forbidden
from being imposed by nations on
international streets and natural
waterways, just like the Straight of
Hormuz. The right of free and unhindered
innocent passage for merchant vessels
through the territorial waters of
coastal states has long been guaranteed
for all under modern international law
through the convention on the law of the
sea and for decades before that [music]
which has helped international trade
flourish and which has been protected
and guaranteed by the US Navy since the
[music] end of the second world war.
This has always been understood to have
included the straight of Hormuz [music]
as well and until the United States and
Israel began attacking Iran at the end
of February 2026. [music] That was
indeed the case and all merchant
shipping was able to travel through it
for free. A very important system that
guaranteed that the oil and gas from
countries like Iran, Kuwait, Iraq, Saudi
Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, and the UAE
could all be get out to the global
market unhindered. During the war,
however, Iran announced a complete
closure of the strait under the threat
of missile and drone attacks on any
ships who dare to sail through. But as
the war progressed, Iran eventually
developed an improvised toll system on
the straight where began charging oil
and gas tankers belonging to certain
countries a fee in exchange for a
promise not to attack [music] them and
to allow them through safely. A fee that
was typically being paid either in
cryptocurrency, stable coins, or Chinese
yuan. And then something really
interesting began happening. Countries
as diverse as China, Japan, India,
Pakistan, Greece, Malaysia, and Egypt
all actually began paying Iran the toll.
While the US military proved incapable
of actually stopping them from being
able to do so. Pandora's box was opened,
and now it's going to be almost
impossible to ever put it back away
again. Iran is now demanding that in
order to actually end this war for good,
its sovereign control over the straight
of Hormuz needs to be formally enshrined
at its toll system over the street needs
to be made permanent. Iran is currently
demanding that it wants to charge a toll
of $2 million per vessel that travels
through the straight, which roughly
translates to about a $1 toll per barrel
of oil that transits through it. The
Iranians have suggested that this future
toll system could be shared in a joint
partnership with the nation of Oman,
which controls the southern side of the
street of Hormuz. Iran would likely
require Oman's cooperation in any such
system because without them, ships could
just decide to hug the Omani side of the
street within Oman's territorial waters
and then avoid paying Iran's tolls by
moving through the other side. But
there's a couple of complications. For
one thing, Ovan has already publicly
denied that it is seeking any tolls or
fees through the straight, and they
aren't cooperating with the Iranians at
all. While the Iranians have released a
new updated map of the straight that
shows what are supposedly the currently
safe routes for ships to take through
it, [music] which conveniently shows
that the waters through Oman's side are
currently unsafe because they mined all
of them, which if true will force all
the maritime traffic moving through
their side of the straight instead so
that they can better enforce their tolls
and fees on it. If Iran is able to get
its way over the straight now, it is an
existential issue of survival for the
Gulf Arab states because Iran will
effectively control the tap to their
entire economies as well as the tap to
the global economy. Stop and actually
think about this for just a few seconds.
What is it about Saudi Arabia that gives
Saudi Arabia its global power and
influence? It's the fact that the
kingdom controls by far the largest
share of spare capacity in the global
oil market. Spare capacity is the amount
of latent oil production that can be
brought back online quickly and
sustained for a while. Usually defined
as oil production that can be brought
online within 30 days and sustained for
at least 90 days. Saudi Arabia dominates
the amount of oil spare capacity in the
world, controlling between 50 and 60% of
the total global amount of it, while the
Browder Gulf Cooperation Council or GCC
controls between 80 and 95% of it. This
means that the global oil market's
ability to respond to sudden and
unexpected supply shocks is
overwhelmingly dependent upon Saudi
Arabia and the rest of the GCC. And why
Saudi Arabia and the GCC are considered
to be the central bank of global oil who
can influence the global price of oil up
or down and therefore global inflation
up or down more than any other center of
global power can. However, that has
historically largely been predicated on
them being able to actually freely
export their spare capacity through the
straight of Hormuz. And if Iran were
able to establish its sovereign control
over the strait instead, it will
overnight become the dominant global
swing producer of oil instead. Really
think about it. Under this scenario, if
Iran doesn't like the global price of
oil, whether it's too high or too low,
they can simply adjust the number of
tankers that they allow to move through
the straight in order to influence the
price up or down however they want to.
If the UAE or Saudi Arabia ever do
something to piss them off, they can
just block their tankers from going
through and applying massive pressure on
their economies to make them change
course. [music]
If I rock or Kuwait attempt to build a
pipeline to divert their supplies around
wormos, then the Iran can immediately
shut the straight down for them and
choke their economies and their ability
to actually pay for those pipelines that
take years worth of time to finish. This
is why allowing Iran to establish its
sovereign control over the strait will
transform Iran almost overnight into the
regional hegeimon of the Persian Gulf
and why Saudi Arabia's privileged
position as the world's most important
oil swing producer will also shift
towards Iran as well. [music] It would
be an absolute power chew by the
Iranians to pull off, [music] which is
why the Saudis and the GCC are
aggressively opposed to the whole idea.
[music] But Trump and the Americans have
been moving back and forth on the idea
as time has gone on and it's not really
clear how exactly they'll end up
settling on it. At various different
times over the past month, Trump has
[music] said that he's indifferent to
Iran setting up a toll booth on the
straight of Hormuz and that it'd be the
rest of the world's problem instead.
That it crosses a red line and that he'd
attack Iran to stop them from setting up
a toll booth. and even that he'd
collaborate with the Iranians in setting
up a joint venture on the street so that
America and Iran could both profit
together off of a toll booth. Regardless
of whether or not Iran alone controls
the toll booth or if it's shared with
Oman andor the United States, [music]
it'll likely begin with minimal
consequences to the global economy that
might not even really get noticed that
much at first. [music] But I also
believe that it would have massive
knock-on consequences further down the
road that would slowly make themselves
apparent and then be completely
catastrophic.
For one, a recent analysis conducted by
Bgal, a think tank based in Brussels,
calculated that the toll on worm that
Iran is demanding of roughly $1 per
barrel of oil passing through would only
end up raising global oil prices by
about 5 to 40 cents a barrel, which
might seem like a bargain compared to
the extra $40 per barrel that the prices
increased to with the strait completely
closed altogether. Bgal's calculations
also suggested that the Arab Gulf
exporters themselves like Iraq, Kuwait,
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, and the
UAE would end up paying more than 80% of
the total cost of Iran's toll, while the
rest of the world would only be
minimally affected. This would likely
end up collectively costing the Arab
Gulf state somewhere between six [music]
and 14 billion dollars a year to pay
that they weren't paying at all prior to
this war. Which obviously really sucks
for them, but it's also arguably more
palatable at this point than seeing the
strait continuing to be closed
altogether, which in only a little over
one month already cost them more than
$50 billion in lost exports and output.
[music] Iran would stand to earn
billions of dollars a year if they were
successful in implementing this toll
booth idea on the street of Hormuz.
money that could function as a source of
reparations payments that could help to
rebuild the country's shattered
infrastructure after the end of the war,
but which would almost certainly also be
shoveled back into rebuilding the
country's military and nuclear
apparatuses as well, breathing a new
breath of life into the regime's nuclear
weapons and ballistic missile programs
and its support and funding for regional
proxy forces like the Houthies and
Hezbollah. Consider for a moment how
much money the Suez and Panama canals
earn for the countries that control
them, Egypt and Panama. Egypt charges
around $800,000 as a toll for super
tankers [music] to transit through the
Suez Canal, which during normal years
when trade isn't being disrupted by the
Houthies in the Red Sea, has the
potential of earning them more than $9
billion a year, which can help fund
around 5% of the entire Egyptian
government's budget. Meanwhile, Panama
similarly charges vessels a total of up
to $300,000 to transit through the
Panama Canal, which usually earns their
country more than $5.7 billion a year
and helps to fund around a fifth of the
entire government's budget. If Iran was
able to establish a toll booth over the
straight of Arbuzz and they managed to
charge what they want to charge, it
could become capable of funding as much
as 17th of the Iranian government's
current operating budget, which as you
can imagine would be a very big deal for
the Iranians to accomplish, especially
in light of the sanctions that are still
in place on them and their shattered
civilian and military infrastructure
from the American and Israeli bombing
campaigns.
Nonetheless, there are many, many
obstacles and challenges in the way for
Iran to ever actually be able to get
away with this idea. First of all,
paying a toll to Iran for passage
through the Straight of Hormuz would
effectively be a direct payment to the
IRGC, the Islamic Republic's ideological
military wing that is designated as a
terrorist organization by the US and the
EU alike. Because of this, the IRGC is
heavily sanctioned by the Western
financial system. And so shipping firms
who agree to pay them a toll would
likely face economic consequences like
fines and the dropping of insurance
policies. It's unclear if the US and EU
would be willing to overlook these
complications. But they might since the
alternative of keeping the straight
closed is simply a much worse outcome
economically. In addition to the tens of
billions of dollars a month in lost oil
and gas exports that's negatively
affecting all of the Gulf economies and
the increased global oil prices of about
$40 a barrel that is surging global
inflation. The straits continued closure
is also proving to be a geopolitical
boon for the Russians and the Kremlin's
war machine in Ukraine. Because Russia
is one of the top three big global oil
producers and exporters as well. Bringle
has calculated that the surging in
global oil prices caused by the hormones
closure could end up providing the
Kremlin with between 45 and $151 billion
worth of additional oil revenue
depending on how long the straight
remains closed. A great deal of which
will inevitably become funneled into
Moscow's ongoing war in Ukraine. On the
other hand, if the straight was able to
be negotiated back open again with the
Iranian toll system in place, that might
only result in an increase of global oil
prices of 40 cents a barrel compared
with pre-war levels, the Russians would
only see a windfall of less than $1
billion instead. So there are real
incentives on the American side to
eventually accept the toll system over
Hormuz in the end because it would deny
giving the Kremlin tens of billions of
dollars of extra cash to fight the war
in Ukraine and it would bring global
inflation back down again. Nonetheless,
there are major major consequences of
accepting an Iranian toll booth over
Hormos as well that'll probably only
become apparent long after Trump has
left office in Washington. It would
inevitably legitimize the use of
coercion by Iran to get what it wants,
which like I said earlier would probably
result in Iran continuing to apply
pressure on Hormos to squeeze further
concessions from the Gulf States and
from the global economy indefinitely. A
tall booth set up across Hormuz would
also be a blatant violation of decades
worth of generally accepted
international maritime law. And this is
likely to become the greatest
consequence of all. Natural waterways
and straits are legally distinct under
international law from artificial canals
like the Suez in Panama. Artificial
canals are forbidden to be blockaded
during wartime and innocent passage
through them is legally guaranteed just
like through straits. But since the
canals were built across sovereign
national territory and require
maintenance upkeep to continue their
operations, their countries are also
legally enabled to charge tolls for
their use. Some legal supporters of
Iran's position on the hormones toll
booth idea also point to the Turkish
straits like the extremely narrow
Bosphorus that's the only maritime
connection between the Black and
Mediterranean seas. Turkey does actually
charge fees on shipping that passes
through the Bosphorus, but they are
technically required tolls or taxes. The
complicated system regulating maritime
traffic through the Bosphorus is covered
by the 1936 Montro Convention that
predates the 1994 Convention on the Law
of the Sea and which was effectively
grandfathered into it. Turkey isn't
allowed to charge fees or tolls for
simply passing through the Bosphorus.
But they're sort of able to get around
this by charging fees for things like
lighthouse dues, rescue and salvage
dues, and health and sanitary dues
instead. While Turkey can't legally
require ships passing through the
straits to accept pilots or tug
assistants, the narrow and winding
Bosphorus in particular is an infamously
difficult passage to navigate through
for huge modern tinker vessels, which
means that most insurance companies
require vessels transiting through to
accept pilots and tug assistants that
are paid to Turkey anyway. So, Turkey is
able to effectively earn revenue through
every ship that passes through their
straits anyway. But very importantly for
this, Turkey usually only collects
smaller fees in the order of low tens of
thousands of dollars for ships passing
through their straits compared to the
hundreds of thousands of dollars that
are collected by Egypt and Panama
through their canals or the millions of
dollars that's currently being demanded
by Iran to pass through Hormuz.
Turkeykey's low fees through the
Bosphorus can legitimately be argued as
necessary. While her wrongs very high
fees that they are demanding the river
muzz can basically only be seen as
nothing but extortion, but the extortion
still might eventually be seen as being
better than the alternative.
Nonetheless, the establishment of an
Iranian toll booth on the street of
Hormuz might just end up heralding the
gradual return of the history of global
trade prior to the Second World War.
Back when tolls, taxes, and fees
enforced by empires and pirates on trade
routes and choke points were the norm.
For thousands of years, the traders and
merchants basically just had to put up
with. For centuries, the Kingdom of
Denmark was able to exploit its
geographic position by enforcing a toll
on all the merchant traffic through the
Orusund that they called the sound dues.
This forced all merchant traffic between
the Baltic and North Seas to pay Denmark
a toll on their trade for centuries. It
lasted from the 15th century through the
mid-19th century. The diggings closed
down all of the other streets between
the north and Baltic seas that they also
controlled and forced all maritime
traffic through the Orusundo where they
were made to pay their dues in
Copenhagen. If ships refused to pay the
dues or attempted to pass through the
other straits, Danish artillery on the
shorelines around the straits would
simply open fire on them. The sound dues
made little Denmark extremely wealthy
and prosperous and contributed as much
as 23 of the kingdom's income for
centuries. But the sound dues also made
Denmark plenty of external enemies who'
chafed against them and directly
contributed to multiple wars against
other states that depended on bolting
maritime trade like Sweden and the
Netherlands. Denmark was eventually
pressured into abandoning the sound dues
only in 1857 by the British and the
Russians who were both interested in
seeing the data straits transformed into
a freeto use international waterway to
improve trade between the Baltic and the
outside world. Many many other locations
all around the world functioned
similarly to the sound dues for
basically all of human history. Both the
Byzantines and the Ottomans enforced
tolls on merchant traffic through the
Bosphorus and the Darnells for centuries
that made Constantinople and later
Istanbul one of the most fabulously
wealthy cities in the world which was
only put to an end by the 1923 Treaty of
Lausan after World War I which itself
was later replaced by the 1936 Montro
Convention. When the Portuguese
dominated the Indian Ocean between the
16th and 18th centuries, they created an
infamous system called cartas where all
non-Christian merchant vessels operating
within the ocean had to pay the
Portuguese for a passer permit to
conduct their trade. And if the
Portuguese navy caught any vessels
without one, they would hijack or sink
it. The Dutch and British East India
companies alike controlled and taxed
choke points like Malaa throughout the
Malay archipelago for centuries as well.
While pirates all over the world from
the Barbar Coast to the Caribbean forced
tributes or tolls in exchange for safe
passage through straits like Gibralar
and the straits out of the Gulf of
Mexico for centuries as well. Since the
very first days of the US Republic,
freedom of navigation on the high seas
has been a fundamental core doctrine
that it is consistently fought to
defend. America's very first military
intervention ever. Its quasi war with
France in 1798 was primarily fought over
French interference with American
commercial shipping. Shortly after that,
the US Navy fought against the Barbarie
pirates off the coast of North Africa
after they refused to pay their tributes
for safe passage. The belief that global
commerce should be allowed to move
freely across the world seas has guided
US foreign policy ever since the birth
of the republic. And that core doctrine
only deepened after the end of the
second world war. That war effectively
ended with the destruction of all of the
world's major navies except for the US
Navy, which thereafter assumed the
responsibility of permanently patrolling
all of the world seas in order to
safeguard the freedom of international
trade, which included guaranteeing that
all of the world's most critical
maritime choke points remained open and
free from the tolls and tributes that
had defined previous history as well.
All of this, of course, has cost the US
greatly over the past 80 plus years of
history, [music] as it has poured money
into its navy to continue operating the
system. But it's also been greatly
beneficial for both the US and the rest
of the world as well. [music]
It's a huge huge anomaly in history that
merchants and traders anywhere in the
world have been confident in their
ability to ship their goods anywhere
else in the world for free and without
much fear of piracy or attacks along the
way. Where nations can be confident
about the free and safe importation of
critical resources that they require
from elsewhere and an anomaly that has
been consistently ensured and made
possible by the US Navy. It is this
historically unique system that has
enabled the proliferation of
globalization, international trade, and
the skyrocketing of wealth all around
the world since the end of World War II,
which has made both America and the rest
of the world much richer than we
otherwise would be. It has enabled every
other country in the world from Europe
to China to Japan to the Gulf States to
South America to all focus almost
entirely on trade rather than their own
navies that they would otherwise require
to secure their own trade routes. Since
their trade routes have effectively been
guaranteed and protected by the US Navy
instead. Since the end of the Second
World War, the US Navy has frequently
engaged in what it calls freedom of
navigation exercises [music] to shut
down any and all threats to this global
system against Gaddafi's Libya when he
declared the entire Gulf of Sidra to be
a Libyan territorial sea in the 1980s to
the Somali pirates off the Horn of
Africa to the South China Sea and
through the Taiwan Strait against China
and most recently against the Houthi's
attacks on commercial shipping from
Yemen in the Red Sea. So now all of a
sudden were Trump and the Americans to
ever accept Iran setting up a toll booth
on the straight of Buzz even tacidly it
would be the biggest and most blatant
challenge ever to this whole system that
America has spent decades if not
centuries carefully and painstakingly
[music]
establishing and defending and the
precedent of doing so might upend the
whole thing altogether. If Iran is
allowed to set up a toll booth on the
straight overmuz, why should Denmark not
be allowed to also reestablish the sound
dues between the Baltic and the North
Sea again? Denmark might even relish the
opportunity to do so right now on the
oil exports of Russia. The Baltic Sea is
Russia's most important oil export route
because roughly 60% of all of Russia's
seaborn crude oil exports flow from out
of the Baltic and necessarily have to
transit through the Danish straits.
Since modern large oil takers are far
too large to fit through any
alternatives around them, like Germany's
Keel Canal, when factoring in other
count's oil exports that flow out of the
Baltic through the Danish Straits, like
Norway and Kazakhstan, roughly 3.5
million barrels per day of oil move
through it on average, which represents
as much as 4% of the global seaborn
crude oil trade. If Denmark reintroduced
a modern version of the sound dues and
charge at a similar rate of about a
dollar per barrel like Iran is proposing
on the straight of Wormuz, then Denmark
could stand to collect an additional
$1.3 billion in annual revenue from
non-EU countries like Russia,
Kazakhstan, and Norway. The overwhelming
majority of which would mostly come from
Russia, which is currently a very
unfriendly country to Denmark and the EU
right now. Anyway, this would boost
Denmark's total tax revenue by more than
2% without needing to raise taxes by
even a cent on their own citizens
[music]
and which would primarily be paid by
Denmark and the EU's enemy Russia
instead with the legal precedent of the
Hormuz toll behind them. Why would
Denmark eventually not also take the
opportunity to do the same? Moreover,
why would Turkey not try and find a way
to wrigle out of the dated Montro
convention and begin charging heftier
tolls for passage through the Bosphorus
and Dardinels again like it used to
historically? Why would countries along
the Bab almond demonstrate not find a
way to set up a lucrative toll system
like Djibouti, Eratraa, and Yemen,
especially with the Houthis invit who've
already shown their willingness to
attack commercial shipping in the
region. [music] Would Spain and Morocco
ever consider setting up a toll booth
along the straight of Jialter? Why not
another toll booth on the straight of do
minus the UK and France? Or why not a
system of tolls through the straight of
Mala and throughout all of the other
straits between all of Indonesia's
islands like the Dutch and British East
India companies used to demand in their
time that Japan, South Korea, China,
Vietnam, and the Philippines today would
effectively have no real method of
avoiding. Why would Canada decide
against setting up a toll regime through
the Northwest Passage? a straight that
will become increasingly important as
the world continues warming and which
Canada already argues are fully
sovereign territorial waters of theirs
against the opinion of the United States
and Europe that bitterly regarded them
as international waterways instead. Why
would an America and Russia decide on
eventually setting up another toll booth
along the Bearing Straight in the not
tooistant future when Arctic trade is
more important? You can see how it might
all begin with the president of Iran
setting up a toll booth over the
straight of Hormuz and then gradually
throughout the future cascade into a
full-blown return back to the era of
mercantalism, taxed trade routes and
piracy that defined human history and
gummed up global trade for centuries
[music]
which will break down globalization,
slow down global trade and increase
poverty. break down international trade
routes and access to critical resources
and fuel global reinvestments by nations
back into their navies and militaries
and armed forces again as they become
forced to secure their own seal lanes
themselves again. All potentially
representing the final end of the Pax
Americana era that we've known and
apparently gotten too familiar with and
taken for granted since the end of World
War II. It's a future outcome that'll
ultimately benefit only a few of the
nations who control the choke points in
the short term at the cost of everybody
else, including themselves, in the long
term, in a hopeless race down to the
bottom.
Now, the history of solving complex
geopolitical problems like this is full
of daring missions where a handful of
men and women attempt the impossible
against overwhelming odds. Trump himself
has frequently suggested authorizing a
special forces raid into Iran to attempt
and seize the country's remaining
stockpiles of enriched uranium for
increased leverage in the ongoing
negotiations to end the war once and for
all. Historically though, raids just
like this haven't always received the
attention they deserve in general
documentaries. A problem that my friends
at Realtime History are seeking to solve
with their brand new series called
History's Most Daring Raids, where every
month they explore some of history's
most famous, bold, and clandestine raids
and operations, analyzing tactics and
strategy with beautiful map animations
that visually explain why some managed
to work and why others failed. Both of
which present lessons for raids into the
modern day. And you can watch history's
most daring raids next on Nebula, which
as I'm sure you've heard by now, is my
own streaming site that I co-founded
along with dozens of other creators. But
what you've maybe not heard until now is
that there's never been a better time to
sign up to Nebula because you can get
50% off of the annual subscription for
just $30 for the entire year. And
there's plenty of new content for you to
go and watch right now. There's my own
new Matt King series, which explores the
lives and reigns of some of modern
history's darker and more eccentric
dictators like North Korea's Kim family,
Muamar Gaddafi, or Saddam Hussein's
infamous son, Uday. There's Scav, a new
documentary series by the Jetlag team
that follows the world's largest
scavenger hunt hosted by the University
of Chicago. There's multiple new
exclusive video essays by Lindsay Ellis,
a new short film by Patrick Williams
called The Dinner Plan that features
Griffin Newman and Zack Cherry. And of
course, Nebula is also still home to
some of the best curated and informative
documentaries available anywhere on the
internet today. There's Bobby Broccley's
17 pages documentary covering one of the
largest scientific controversies of the
20th century, Day Pass, Jason from Not
Just Bikes News, where he explores the
world of public transit down on the
ground. Wendover Productions, the
logistics of X series, and of course, my
own modern conflict series covering
dozens and dozens of modern wars,
battles, and conflicts with plenty more
originals from myself and other creators
planned all throughout 2026.
I personally treat Nebula as my own
sanctuary away from the noise of
algorithmically driven sites like
YouTube and other social media. Both as
a creator and as a viewer, there's no AI
bots and no AI generated slop clogging
up your feed here. We carefully choose
and vet every single one of the creators
that we work with. And that enables us
to only work with the best creators who
truly love and take pride in what they
do. So, if you want to support me and
hundreds of other independent creators
who still value our craft and get access
to some of the best documentaries and
video essays anywhere on the internet
that you won't find here on YouTube, you
can do so by visiting the link that's
down below in the description [music] by
scanning the QR code here on your screen
or by clicking the button that's here on
your screen and signing up. You'll get
50% off of an annual subscription by
doing so, which is just $30 for the
whole year or $250 per month, a fraction
of the price of other streaming sites.
You can even sign up for a lifetime
membership as well if you're feeling
like it with a 40% off discount for
$300. If you don't ever want to deal
with yet another streaming platform
subscription or ads ever again for as
long as we both last, I hope that you'll
consider signing up or gifting to a
friend or a loved one. And as [music]
always, thank you so much for watching.